Publish OSS 3.28.4 (#2000)
tigera/docs: calico_versioned_docs/version-3.28/release-notes/index.mdx

 - Update Helm chart README with instructions for how to upgrade CRDs. [calico #9556](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/pull/9556) (@venkatamutyala)
 - To reduce manifest size on OCP installations, the manifests no longer includes CustomResourceDefinitions. Instead, the tigera-operator pod will deploy these resources on startup. [calico #9548](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/pull/9548) (@coutinhop)

To update an existing installation of Calico Open Source 3.28, see [the upgrade guides](../operations/upgrading/index.mdx).

### Calico Open Source 3.28.4 bug fix update

April 14, 2025

#### Bug fixes

* bug
* bug

#### Updating

> :::warning[BREAKING CHANGE WITH KUBERNETES 1.24]

Author: @lwr20 Does this work for you? If there are relevant details, links to PRs, or anything else, it might be worth including here.

> :::warning[BREAKING CHANGE WITH KUBERNETES 1.24]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning[BREAKING CHANGE WITH KUBERNETES v1.24]
```

> If you installed Calico Open Source on Kubernetes 1.24, **do not update your installation** to Calico Open Source 1.28.4.
> This patch release contains breaking changes and is not compatible with Kubernetes 1.24.
> 
> For full compatibility, upgrade your base Kubernetes installation to Kubernetes 1.28 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed Calico Open Source on Kubernetes v1.24, **do not update your installation** to Calico Open Source v3.28.4.
This patch release contains breaking changes and is not compatible with Kubernetes v1.24.

For full compatibility, upgrade your base Kubernetes installation to Kubernetes v1.28 or later.
```
